this is my third demo
neo is a great man
neo is not just a great man, but he is also a immortal.
today is sunday, last evening i played badminton.But i didn't play very well, lost a lot.It made feel a little down.
But today is a new day, i have to forget about what happend last evening, shake off bad mood.Embrace today with the best state of mind.
i'm trying my best to learn git today, i've been studying git for three days.I feel like i spent too much time on this, but i decided to finish my study.
i feel a little tired today from last night's activity.
i have to finish learning git today
I just had a big quarrel with her, i feel so bad.I hate this kind of life so much.It's not what i want.Today is such a bad day.I lost my temper, i felt so angry.I really think live alone will be better.Why do people have to marry?Why we must find a partner?Why do we have to have children?Her temper is so bad. And she always think i should take care of her, and i should tolorate her.But why?just because she is a woman? I really can't accept this.I only live for myself,not anyone else.She has some problem, that's true.But i also have my weaknesses.I'm not suggesting it's all her problem.It's just two person live together, it's unavoidable that we will sometimes hate each other, that sometimes we would prefer to live alone.I dare not to devorce, because i care about what others will think about me, i care what my parents will think about me.And maybe it's no big deal,buti just feel so unhappy at this moment.I am bad tempered too, and i am not a optimistic person.It's my own problem.I don't care whose fault it is.I just want seperate now, i just want to be alone.
I sware from today on, i will not pay for the mortage, it's not my house anyway.To handle my salary to my wife is a stupid idea, i never imagined i will do that.But i did. and i sware from today on, i will do that no more.I should not compromise. I don't own her anything.And i don't think she did too much for me too.Why should i do so much for her? this is my own life, i will only live for myself.
Today is 2018.11.18. Remember this day!!!
i feel quite uncomfortable today
i feel good today

